# ANTOKLEIO.github.io
-This template created by [Jonathan McGlone](http://jmcglone.com) and customized by Kleio Antoniou on 09/10/2015  to creating and hosting a personal website using GitHub.  It contains some usefull information about Kleio Antoniou and contact info.You can view  data at <http://antokleio.github.io> 
- Some details: I've visited GitHub site and created an account. I installed Git on my computer and created my project's repository. I did Login to my GitHub account and went to https://github.com/new. I named my repository ANTOKLEIO.github.io and told GitHub to create a README file upon generating the repo. I created also an index.html page and at last I built my first GitHub Page site (antokleio.github.io). To style the content I went back to my repository home and created a new file named css/main.css. The css/before the filename  automatically created a subdirectory called css. I placed stylish commands and I commited the new CSS file. I linked it to HTML document's <head> and I went back to index.html and selected the "Edit" button. I added a link to main.css and website was ready. 
- After that I set up Jekyll to work with my site. I created a .gitignore file, a _config.yml file and made _layouts directory. I created a file inside it called default.html and then I updated my index.html to use my default layout.
- Finally I set up a Jekyll-based blog. I created a new layout called post.html and a folder to store each individual post called _posts/. I created a file named post.html in my _layouts folder. I made a _posts directory. Inside that folder is my first post. I created A file named 2015-10-09-Kleio-Antoniou-site-launched.md, a blog directory as well aw a file named index.html inside it. I customized my blog by editing the _config.yml file and I added the line, permalink:blog/:2015/:10/:09/:Kleio Antoniou Launches Site, at the end of the file. Inside my blog/directory I created a file named atom.xml, an about/index.html and a cv/index.html page. The blog was ready.
 
 Users are free to copy and re-use any and all of the code contained here without contacting me.
 More info: antokleio@ath.forthnet.gr
